0.0.10 - Introduce Jading, cleanup, and library standardization

This release removes the code associated with running jobs on a Hadoop cluster
as that functionality is now moved to Jading.  This separates the DSL library (a
gem) from the repository required to build and package job jars (Jading).
Additionally, this release removes a lot of the auto-generated Rake garbage
inherited from the original version and greatly streamlines the packaged gem.
Finally, it starts the precedent for making the contract of operations idiomatic
Ruby, removing the unnecessary Operations module, and eventually eliminating
global cascade and flow registries.  A non-backwards compatible change was made
to the contract of complete and draw which allowed the mechnism for propagating
properties through a job to be righted and made more Hadoop-idiomatic.

This release removes all the cruft associated with running jobs

0.0.9 - Cascading local mode and upgrade to Cascading 2.0.0

This release upgrades to Cascading 2.0.0 (final) and introduces Cascading local
mode.  Ambiguous node names are now prohibited and the insert helper correctly
supports constants.

0.0.8 - AggregateBy and upgrade to Cascading 2.0.0 wip-286

This release upgrades to Cascading 2.0.0 wip-286, but again does not implement
local mode.  It does, however, replace group_by/union which contain only count,
sum, and average with the corresponding composite AggregateBy.  Various
refactorings were required to support this, including the addition of limited
support for SubAssemblies.

0.0.7 - Upgrade to Cascading 2.0.0 wip-255

This release upgrades to Cascading 2.0.0 wip-255, but implements neither local
mode nor aggregations through AggregateBy.  Local jobs continue to run in Hadoop
mode, but we intend to release local mode support soon.

0.0.6 - Removing primary key

The primary key feature was a source of great confusion at Etsy, so it's been
removed.  This release also closes several issues, warns about potential node
name conflicts, and updates the tests to work under JRuby 1.6.5.

0.0.5 - Addressing Janino pain

This release expands upon the ExprStub class adding composition time compilation
and validation of Janino expressions.  This causes faulty Janino expressions to
fail early rather than hours into a job.

0.0.4 - Cleanup

This release merges in a good deal of work from Etsy and addresses many internal
structural issues with cascading.jruby node hierarchies.  Greatly expands unit
tests and makes samples easily executable as a form of functional testing.

0.0.3 - Etsy's first version of cascading.jruby

First major commit of work from Etsy that introduces scope propagation to
cascading.jruby scripts in support of field propagation and primary keys.
Mainly a cleanup and testing release.
